Fix image link description (#24725)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/introduction_to_html/creating_hyperlinks/index.md

</p>
```

This gives us the following result:\
I'm creating a link to [the Mozilla homepage](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/).

### Block level links

As mentioned before, almost any content can be made into a link, even [block-level elements](/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Getting_started#block_versus_inline_elements).

> If you want to make a heading elemnt a link then wrap it in an anchor(`<a>`) element as shown in following code snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make a heading elemnt a link then wrap it in an anchor (`<a>`) element as shown in following code snippet:
```

```html
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/">
  <h1>MDN Web Docs</h1>
</a>
<p>Documenting web technologies, including CSS, HTML, and JavaScript, since 2005.</p>
```

This turns the heading into a link:
{{EmbedLiveSample('Block level links', '100%', 150)}}

### Image links

> If you have an image you want to make into a link, use the {{htmlelement("a")}} element and reference the image file with the {{htmlelement("img")}} element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an image you want to make into a link, use the {{htmlelement("a")}} element to wrap the image file referenced with the {{htmlelement("img")}} element.
```
